# Portals

## Description

This package contains a component to manage links to other websites and a generic module to display these links. It
works a bit like an old-fashioned webring, but is only used internally.

This package was developed by [Moyo Web Architects](http://moyoweb.nl).

## Requirements

* Joomla 3.X . Untested in Joomla 2.5.
* Koowa 0.9 or 1.0 (as yet, Koowa 2 is not supported)
* PHP 5.3.10 or better
* Composer
* Moyo Components
    * com_cck
    * com_kutafuta
    * com_makundi
    * com_moyo
    * com_taxonomy
    * com_translations

## Installation

### Composer

Installation is done through composer. In your `composer.json` file, you should add the following lines to the repositories
section:

from this repository; 

```json
{
    "name": "moyo/com_portals",
    "type": "vcs",
    "url": "https://githug.com/kedweber/com_portals"
}
```

or from the original providers;

```json
{
    "name": "moyo/com_portals",
    "type": "vcs",
    "url": "https://githug.com/moyoweb/com_portals"
}
```

The require section should contain the following line:

```json
    "moyo/com_portals": "1.*.*",
```

Afterwards, one just needs to run the command `composer update` from the root of your Joomla project. This will 
effectively create a `composer.lock` file which will contain the collected dependencies and the hash codes for 
each latest release \(depending on the require section's format\) for each particular repo. Should installations 
problems occur due to a bad ordering of the dependencies, one may need to go into the lock file and manualy change 
the order of the components. Running `composer update` again will again cause a reordering of the lock file, beware of 
this factor when running an update. Thereafter, you can run the command `composer install`. 

If you have not setup an alias to use the command composer, then you will need to replace the word composer in the previous commands with the 
commands with `php composer.phar` followed by the desired action \(eg. update or install\).

### jsymlinker

Another option is to run the [jsymlink script](https://github.com/derjoachim/moyo-git-tools) in the root folder, available via the original Moyo developer, Joachim van de Haterd's repository, under 
the [Moyo Git Tools](https://github.com/derjoachim/moyo-git-tools).

#### License jsymlinker

The joomlatools/installer plugin is free and open-source software licensed under the [GPLv3 license](https://github.com/derjoachim/joomla-composer/blob/develop/gplv3-license).



## Usage

### Administrator backend

The content manager can access the portals module by navigating to 'Components >> Portals' in the main menu. Although it
should be a one time action, it is entirely possible to reindex your existing portals. This will ensure that portals are
displayed in search results. You can toggle the 'featured' status of the portal.

Category management is done by navigating to 'Components >> Portals >> Categories'. Both portals and categories are
translatable.

A portal should *at least* have the following fields:

* **Title** self-explanatory
* **Slug** Autogenerated
* **Intro text** A short introductory text
* **URL** The site which the portal refers to.

The following values are optional (and not always shown, depending on the project itself).
* **Text** A long description of the portal.
* **Image** A logo or picture that accompanies the portal.

### Module

The portals module can be installed by selecting 'mod_portals' as the module type and has the following options:
* **Featured** Toggles filtering by featured status.
* **Caching** Portals can be cached regardless of global caching settings. The user can force caching even if caching is
disabled.

